README.md, before:

# The Human Neural Organoid Atlas (HNOCA)

![Abstract](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/theislab/neural_organoid_atlas/main/supplemental_files/abstract.jpg)

Reproducibility repository for the [Human Neural Organoid Atlas preprint](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.10.05.561097v1)

> He, Z.; Dony, L.; Fleck, J. S. et al. An integrated transcriptomic cell atlas of human neural organoids. bioRxiv 2023.10.05.561097; doi: 10.1101/2023.10.05.561097

## Code availability
The "notebooks" folder in this repository contains the code used to build an analyse HNOCA.

> **Note**
> :construction: We are currently collecting and uploading all notebooks used in this analysis.
> This note wil disappear as soon as all code has been made available via this page.

The "supplemental_files" folder in this repository contains:
* Snapseed input file containing our celltype hierarchy with associated marker genes
* Model parameters of our scPoli integration model
* scPoli sample embedding of HNOCA

## :construction: Data availability

An pre-release version of containing the public datasets of HNOCA will available here soon.

All data will be released here in due course.

Commit message:

make pre-release version of hnoca available

README.md, after:

# The Human Neural Organoid Atlas (HNOCA)

Reproducibility repository for the [Human Neural Organoid Atlas preprint](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.10.05.561097v1).

> He, Z.; Dony, L.; Fleck, J. S. et al. An integrated transcriptomic cell atlas of human neural organoids. bioRxiv 2023.10.05.561097; doi: 10.1101/2023.10.05.561097

![Abstract](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/theislab/neural_organoid_atlas/main/supplemental_files/abstract.jpg)

## Code availability
The "notebooks" folder in this repository contains the code used to build an analyse HNOCA.

> **Note**
> :construction: We are currently collecting and uploading all notebooks used in this analysis.
> This note wil disappear as soon as all code has been made available via this page.

The "supplemental_files" folder in this repository contains:
* Snapseed input file containing our celltype hierarchy with associated marker genes
* Model parameters of our scPoli integration model
* scPoli sample embedding of HNOCA

## Data availability

An pre-release version comprised of the public portion of HNOCA is avalable for download [here](https://hmgubox2.helmholtz-muenchen.de/index.php/s/jWCCdr3SQP7Tprb/download/hnoca_pre-release_public_subset.h5ad) (`hnoca_pre-release_public_subset.h5ad` 40.5 GB).

:construction: All data will be released here in due course.
